[RF] Add RooFit headers to private CMake filesets (#20533)
root-project/root: roofit/roostats/CMakeLists.txt

  ${EXTRA_DICT_OPTS}
)

set(RELATIVE_INC_HEADERS ${ROOSTATS_HEADERS})
list(TRANSFORM RELATIVE_INC_HEADERS PREPEND inc/)
if(NOT CMAKE_VERSION VERSION_LESS "3.23.0")
  target_sources(
      RooStats
      PRIVATE
      FILE_SET private_header_files
      TYPE HEADERS
      BASE_DIRS inc/
      FILES
          ${RELATIVE_INC_HEADERS}

>           inc/LinkDef.h # seemingly this is not being used in ROOT_STL_PACKAGE call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          inc/LinkDef.h # seemingly this is not being used in ROOT_STANDARD_LIBRARY_PACKAGE call
```
We should spell the macro name out correctly (also in the other places)
